h1. Restfulie Javascript

"Visit the official website":http://restfulie.caelumobjects.com for <b>documentation</b>, videos and other versions. 

<pre><script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="restfulie.js"></script></pre>

or :

<pre><script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="restfulie.min.js"></script></pre>

This project required jquery your project.

h2. A simple get

<pre>resource = Restfulie.at(url).accepts('application/json').get();</pre>

h2. A simple post

<pre>x = {'price':11};
result = Restfulie.at(url).as("application/json").post(x);</pre>

h2. Checking the result

<pre>
resource = Restfulie.at(url).accepts('application/json').get();
resource = Restfulie.at(url).as('application/json').post(resource);

console.log(resource.response.body) # the response body
console.log(resource.response.code) # the response code
</pre>

h1. Team

Restfulie Javascript was created by "Carlos Alberto":http://progdicas.blogspot.com and has received contributions from:

"Guilherme Silveira":http://restfulie.caelumobjects.com (Restfulie project leader)
"Ricardo Valeriano":http://www.ricardovaleriano.com.br
"Caires Santos":http://twitter.com/cairesvs

h1. How to build for development

First you got to install "nodejs":http://nodejs.org/#download

For the next steps you'll need "npm":http://npmjs.org/

With npm installed you must install node-jake:
<pre>npm install jake</pre>

Now install UglifyJS:
<pre>npm install uglify</pre>

Run jake to build the Restfulie package uncompressed or minified.

<pre>jake</pre>

h2. Testing

To run your unit tests execute:

<pre>open client/tests/convertersTest.html</pre>

For integration tests:

h3. Restbuy and Proxifier

First things first execute <pre>git submodule init</pre> and <pre>git submodule update</pre> after that <pre>bundle install</pre> to grab all the gems.

Go to Proxifier dir and execute <pre>bundle install</pre>.  

Be sure you have "Restbuy":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-restbuy and Proxifier running properly and after that just execute <pre>test.sh</pre> script 

h1. License

Restfulie is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
